# Homework 1 archive

The homework is only released on piazza and this is a text archive of the homework.

## Q1

0.2 Points

Number of people per group for labs and projects:


- Choice 1 of 3: 1 [√]
- Choice 2 of 3: 2
- Choice 3 of 3: 3

## Q2

0.2 Points

Which of the following behavior about doing assignments and projects is right?


- Choice 1 of 5: Sharing source code to and debugging for a hot girl / cute boy.
- Choice 2 of 5: Copying the code from other online resources(web).
- Choice 3 of 5: Showing off my full-scored code to my roommates.
- Choice 4 of 5: Discussing the concepts with classmates, but do it individually. [√]
- Choice 5 of 5: Discussing the pseudo-code with classmates, but do it individually.

## Q3

0.15 Points

Which of the following behavior is right?


- Choice 1 of 4: Publishing your code to public GitHub repo.
- Choice 2 of 4: Copying the code from other lab groups.
- Choice 3 of 4: Doing your lab on your own during lab sessions and figuring out the problem individually. [√]
- Choice 4 of 4: Never attending lab sessions because of having a good classmates.

## Q4

0.15 Points

Which of the following behavior is right?

- Choice 1 of 4: Afraid to attend the office hour and ask question on piazza because you think the questions are stupid.
- Choice 2 of 4: Never attending the course and thinking that CA is boring.
- Choice 3 of 4: Confident at passing the course without taking exams.
- Choice 4 of 4: Discussing on Piazza frequently. [√]

## Q5

0.2 Points

Which of the following behavior concerning generative AI is right?

- Choice 1 of 4: Ask Deepseek to generate code for my programming assignment.
- Choice 2 of 4: Let Github Copilot hint most codes in my project coding.
- Choice 3 of 4: Ask Claude what is two's complement. [√]
- Choice 4 of 4: Stuff my code with AI-generated comments.

## Q6

0.1 Points

I affirm that I have complied with this course's academic integrity policy as defined in the syllabus.

- Choice 1 of 2: Yes [√]
- Choice 2 of 2: No
